I say little crazy
Is your plan going to work?
Why does it feel unreliable?
Yeah, why has it been a night?
Still no news at all?
Don't worry, I've speculated several times.
Absolutely no problem.
Gotta let the bullets talk
Some evidence about the Sun family
I will also hand it over to His Majesty
Your Majesty will make a decision
Oh, by the way, I also gave one to the prime minister.
Sir is not good
What did Sun Quan bring in?
Sun Qian, what are you doing here?
Why am I here?
Okay, I underestimated you before the envelope.
You not only made me a filial piety to the entire capital
How dare you attack my Sun family?
Start today and you will die
It seems that you remember to eat rather than fight
I forgot the lesson from last time.
Last time I promised
This time
See where you run